Improve README for Unit Tests (#396)
oamg/convert2rhel: convert2rhel/unit_tests/README.md

```

And this other example, of a test that don't need any mocks for external
dependencies:

```python
import os
import file_handler

def test_archive_old_files(tmpdir):
    tmpdir = str(tmpdir)
    some_dir = os.path.join(tmpdir, "some_dir")
    some_file = os.path.join(tmpdir, "some_file.txt")
    test_data = "test data\n"

    open(some_file, "w").write(test_data)

    assert "some_file.txt" in os.listdir(tmpdir)

    file_handler.archive_old_files(tmpdir)

    old_files = os.listdir(some_dir)
    assert len(old_files) == 1
    with open(os.path.join(some_dir, old_files[0])) as old_f:
        assert old_f.read() == test_data
```

The difference between the two is that, the first one we can't rely on the
output of the `package_handler` (Because in every test run, the result may be
different depending on the system, because we are relying on an external
dependency), so we mock it to be sure we have full control over the results,
and for the second one, we know it's such a simple function that just move old
files to another directory, so it's better to provide the files and some tmp
path, still having full control of the output, no mocking necessary.

## Running the tests

> The tests can be run in two different ways, `Locally` or with `Docker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests can be run in two different ways, in a container and locally
```

> Running the tests locally has the advantage of using a debugger to follow the
> execution of the code, and it's easier to generate coverage reports from the
> tests.

Reviewer: Code coverage can be retrieved from the `make coverage`. If we want to we can also extend that command to generate a report.  
```suggestion
Running the tests locally has the advantage of using a debugger to follow the
execution of the code.
```

Author: Uh, we don't have `coverage` in our `Makefile` right now. But sure, we can do a make command just for that, I think it could be easier for people to remember, after all, running `make coverage` is more probably to be remembered than the whole command sequence for that.

In the other hand, running the tests in a container guarantees that you have a
isolated running test case, without interference from your machine.

### Locally

To run the tests locally, you can use an alteady made `make` command we have
defined in our `Makefile`, which is:

```bash
# Make command to run the tests with pytest
make tests-locally
```

Running the tests locally also allow you to execute other commands from pytest,
such as:

```bash
# Run pytest and gather code coverage
pytest --cov

# Run a specific test (or group of tests based on name)
pytest -k test_my_thing
```

> ### Docker
> 
> To run the tests using a docker container, you can do so with the below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Container

To run the tests using a container, you can do so with the below command.
```

> This command will run the full tests suit in both CentOS 7 and 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will run the full tests suit in both CentOS Linux 7 and 8.
```

```bash

> # Running tests in both CentOS 7 and 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Running tests in both CentOS Linux 7 and 8
```

make tests
```

And, if you want to run the tests in versions individually, you can just do
this:

```bash

> # Running the tests only in CentOS 7
> make tests7
> 
> # Running the tests only in CentOS 8
> make tests8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Running the tests only in CentOS Linux 7
make tests7

# Running the tests only in CentOS Linux 8
make tests8
```

> ```

Reviewer: I'd move this above the Locally section, since it should be the first thing we use due to the possibility of breaking your system or leaving traces from tests with bad mocking

Also we should refer CentOS as to CentOS Linux to not be confused with Stream. Likewise, we should just say containers instead of Docker or Podman as it's interchangeable and less confusing if you use either tool.

Author: Makes sense! Will do the changes

## Checking for test coverage

After running the tests, you can check for the coverage in a nicer HTML
visualization instead of the terminal output.

> For this, run those command in your terminal:

Reviewer: We'd need to run `pytest --cov` to get the coverage report right?

Author: You're right, I forgot to add the statement to run pytest with --cov enabled.
